An excerpt from http://swat.tamu.edu/disclaimer/ as of 1/11/2013:

SWAT is a public domain model actively supported by the USDA
Agricultural Research Service at the Grassland, Soil and Water
Research Laboratory in Temple, Texas, USA.

The information contained within this site is offered as a public
service. It is the responsibility of the site visitor to verify the
accuracy, completeness, timeliness, quality, or suitability for a
particular use of the information/ software provided on this
site. Neither Grassland, Soil & Water Research Laboratory (GSWRL) nor
Blackland Research Center (BRC) make any claims, guarantees, or
warranties about the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, quality, or
suitability for a particular use of the information/ software provided
through this website. GSWRL and BRC disclaim any and all liability for
any claims or damages that may result from providing the website or
the information/ software contained within. The user of this
information/ software or website assumes all liability and waives any
and all claims or causes of action against GSWRL and BRC for all uses
of and reliance on the information/ software. GSWRL and BRC do not
endorse any commercial entities, products, consultants, or
documentation that may be referenced on this website. The information
contained within this site is provided for general information
purposes, and is not intended to be a solicitation or an offer to sell
in connection with any product or service. Any reference to commercial
entities, products, or consultants is for information purposes only.

External Links and Information Accuracy. Our site includes links to
external sites which are not maintained by Blackland Research
Center. BRC is not responsible for the content of external sites. The
use of external links does not necessarily imply approval of the
sites, nor the content thereof. We disclaim any and all liability for
any claims or damages that may result from the use of these external
sites. Information within this site is considered to be accurate when
posted. GSWRL/BRC periodically updates the information/software on
this site; however, we do not accept responsibility for the timeliness
of the information/software when accessed.

Information & Suggestions. Suggestions offered at this web site are
provided as a guide. Results are not guaranteed, nor is liability
assumed as to the information or suggestions presented.
